docs(tree): update v1-undo design doc (#17335)
microsoft/FluidFramework: experimental/dds/tree2/docs/main/v1-undo.md

While we want to preserve the ability of a session to undo its past edits,
we also want to ensure that the associated memory needs can be constrained.

How we should go about evicting repair data from the forest is dependent on the set of merge semantics we support.
For this V1 of undo, we intend to allow editing of removed content,
meaning it can be edited after it is removed and before (as well as after) it is restored,
even if the issuer of the edit was aware of the item being removed (and not aware of the item being restored).

This gives applications more options for dealing with situations where a client has locally performed some amount of work
that involves editing a removed region of the document.
Indeed, without that capability, such work could not be reconciled with the rest of the document,
and would need to be detected and dropped.

> This scenario likely to occur if client applications use local branches to stage their work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This scenario is likely to occur if client applications use local branches to stage their work.
```

#### Proposed Scheme

> Allowing the garbage-collection of repair data means that not all clients will have the repair data if it become necessary later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allowing the garbage-collection of repair data means that not all clients will have the repair data if it becomes necessary later.
```

> When a client makes an edit such that a peer may have evicted repair data that is required to for the edits,

Reviewer: I think this is what you meant?
```suggestion
When a client makes an edit that requires repair data which may have been evicted by peers,
```
